what's going on gamers the red dragon we
start things off with the featured story
right now xbox live inside of every
edition of Windows 8 so Windows 8 is
going to be coming out soon and they
have integrated xbox live in to windows
8 there's not a whole lot of details but
you can read about that on the website
we also learn that codemasters is
shutting down the studio behind the body
count and operation flashpoint and
they're going to be focusing on their
racing game so they've got dirt they've
got f1 they've got several racing titles
that they create but don't look for any
more first-person shooters coming from
codemasters anytime soon of course their
latest game body count was not received
very well dead island has a patch now
that's been released on the xbox and pc
and playstation 3 already follow shortly
as soon as they get that ready we've
also got several battlefield stories
battlefield 3 we found out that indeed
they are going to have 9 maps as soon as
they launch I know we talked about that
a couple of weeks ago in one of the
videos we did but what is new is that
they did say from the very get go all
five game modes will be playable on any
of those nine maps as soon as it's
brought out of the box and of course if
you're getting the back to Clark an
expansion pack you pre-order the game
then those are going to be for
additional multiplayer maps but I I can
already tell people are going to be
upset before going to be posting where
where's the DLC on day one don't look
for that dlc to be available day one
it's it they said you're going to have
it if you pre-order the game but don't
expect it on day one it's going to come
out sometime later we've also got a
couple of you gameplay videos that just
showed up this morning from TGS showing
a couple of movies from the night Tom
single-player campaign mission for
battlefield 3 so you can check that out
also a lot of halo news happening
they've announced that the halo
anniversary edition is going to have the
classic map headlong added to that list
of multiplayer maps and we learned that
there's a really big
update just coming out later this year
and there's going to be a beta and
october so halo still has plenty of
things going for it this week of course
TTS is going on the Tokyo Game Show so
if you want to learn about the latest
news from that show you want to get the
latest roundups you can do that on
balance transfers a few stories up and
selling mainly focused on their handheld
devices so that was the big story from
Sony and also we've got plenty of
trailers from the TGS show any time
these people get together they like to
throw out tons of trailers so we got
plenty of those on battle trance a
couple of newsworthy ones fallout new
vegas has new dlc dead or alive 5 was
finally announced and it got a trailer
but so far the biggest trailer that i've
seen so far has been max payne 3 so if
you've been playing max payne been
wanting to get some more info on that
check out the latest trailer the first
trailer really for max payne 3 it's all
in-game footage and Rockstar add I can
get behind pretty much any game that
they make so I'm sure that this is going
to be a good one at least I hope so so
that wraps it up for today's video or
this morning's I might do another one
this afternoon I apologize for not
getting one out yesterday this was
really all the news from yesterday's
there wasn't a whole lot but I was going
to do it last night I had to go to
school I just got this draw i was
watching america's got talent you can be
keeping up with that how the team
iluminate not win that was crazy I don't
know I'm still upset